Updating events sdk documentation for digital signature verification method (#32)
AdobeDocs/adobe-io-events: src/pages/guides/sdk/sdk_signature_verification.md

Your webhook URL must be accessible from the open internet, however this means third-party actors can send forged requests, tricking your application into handling fake events.

To prevent this from happening, Adobe I/O Events has a robust event validation process in place as defined below that allows users to secure their webhook. 

> ### Digital Signatures for Security Verification

Reviewer: Can we reduce the heading level for this?
```suggestion
## Digital Signatures for Security Verification
```

This SDK method allows you to pass the digital signature headers, public keys relative paths received and the JSON payload delivered to the webhook to check its authenticity. The JSON payload contains the `recipient-client-id` which can be matched against your own webhook registration client id passed to this SDK method. The method returns `true` if the calculated signature matches that of the header, otherwise it returns `false`. 

This SDK api can be used in any digital signature verification implementation for your consumer app to verify the authenticity of events coming from Adobe I/O Events.  

## Method

```javascript
verifyDigitalSignatureForEvent(event, recipientClientId, [signatureOptions]) ⇒ boolean
```
| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| event | <code>object</code> | JSON payload delivered to the registered webhook URL |
| recipientClientId | <code>string</code> | Target recipient client id retrieved from the Adobe I/O Console integration |
| [signatureOptions] | [<code>SignatureOptions</code>](#SignatureOptions) | Map of digital signature header fields defined in SignatureOptions |

> ### SignatureOptions : <code>object</code>

Reviewer: This is causing issues while being loaded in the side menu. We can change this to:
```suggestion
### SignatureOptions: `object`
```
![signature-options](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6910192/155079722-6598f0a8-ac48-4ee3-ab15-ed8f5b9a8610.png)

**Properties**

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [digiSignature1] | <code>string</code> | Value of digital signature retrieved from the x-adobe-digital-signature1 header |
| [digiSignature2] | <code>string</code> | Value of digital signature retrieved from the x-adobe-digital-signature2 header |

> | [publicKeyPath1] | <code>string</code> | Value of ioevents public key relative retrieved from the x-adobe-public-key1-path header |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [publicKeyPath1] | <code>string</code> | Relative path of I/O Events public key retrieved from the x-adobe-public-key1-path header |
```

> | [publicKeyPath2] | <code>string</code> | Value of ioevents public key relative retrieved from the x-adobe-public-key2-path header |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [publicKeyPath2] | <code>string</code> | Relative path of I/O Events public key retrieved from the x-adobe-public-key2-path header |
```
